hey guys Aron Cybertron's egg here and
today i'm bringing you another battle
from the june international challenge of
course I've been bringing you all my
battles from it recently you guys have
done an awesome job supporting the
series you got 500 likes on yesterday's
video so of course let's say for another
500 on this one to get another upload
tomorrow but basically yeah I've had a
lot of fun using this team but I think
this is one of the games where I can
kind of a feature it because of a bunch
of notable weaknesses was a pretty fun
game definitely a close one and my
opponent had a lot of interesting
choices especially the jolteon mega
venusaur is always a cool mega as well
and chandelure is an interesting Pokemon
because you never know what item it
carries you know could be focused ash
could be choice bags could be choice
scarf so going into it I figure that
brigham wash was definitely the best
Pokemon to bring overall because you see
a beats leesum rule into Chandelure and
jolteon can't do too much to it and of
course the only pokemon that really
gives that trouble is mega Venus or mega
venusaur was actually the most difficult
pokemon for my team to mash up against
individually so I knew I'd have to bring
my specs car de Bourgh and try to KO
with that but since I wasn't running Mac
special attack on my specs carnivore I
was actually running very little special
attack in v's I new LED garden where
might I should not be able to pick up
the KO with psychic which will come into
play later on the game but without
revealing any more let's go into this
match so like I said I knew Rotom wash
would be the best bet just to start off
the game and I figured gengar would be a
good partner to pair it up with because
I can target the Shan no Lauren can even
burn the mega venusaur and you know mega
video stores really anyway so if my
opponent did decide to lead with it I
could burn it right from the start and
just chip away at it with residual
damage so the lead is really perfect
with me because he goes with Shandor an
azumarill I mean I could just Shadow
Ball and Thunderbolt here but of course
my opponent makes a great place
switching the azumarill into the jolteon
and you know looking back at it it
really was a play that you know you'd
expect but at the same time I was
thinking you know perhaps he might have
aqua jetted and Shadow Ball Mike angaar
if it was a choice scarf trying to lure
what she reveals himself to be so I just
went for the safe down there both
they're saying okay if he decides to
stay in that I'll be able to just get a
lot of damage off if not that Jojo will
take it but of course with volt absorb
is not actually getting a special attack
boost like lightning rod so it's a
trade-off I'm actually willing to me
he's gonna bring in Venus or here and
that's obviously going to mega evolve
and Venus are like I said gives me a lot
of
vol I don't want to just carelessly
switch in my garden board because I need
got aboard to be at full health and I
needed to get a full powered psychic off
against that venusaur so I'm gonna
protect my room wash here I don't want
it to take any damage and he just goes
for the safe Thunder boat on sat gengar
perfectly fine by me because like I said
I did not want to just carelessly switch
in my Gardevoir there and he does reveal
himself to have the life orb item we
just sort goes for the sleep powder but
of course Rotom is going to be protected
from that but sleep powder is always
scary to see because uh I didn't really
bring a way to effectively deal with it
that game sign you up my opponent
actually hit one or two that would be
really bad for me now this next turn his
Joe town goes for the psychic on to you
gotta for which brings me under fifty
percent you know a lot more than I
actually expected my god oh my god of
war is pretty bulky by itself and I do
go for the choice back psychic on Venus
or Alex meeting it but it barely misses
a little knock out and that was really
bad I was kind of expecting it to but of
course I wasn't running Mac special
attack investment and my hydro pump
action does not knock out the jolteon
either and suddenly things are looking
really bad for me he also gets a giga
drain off against that Rotom wash and
he's gonna kill himself a considerable
amount and now it's really bad because
jolteon is can actually kale the
Gardevoir with another shadow ball so
things are not looking too hot I also
need to conserve my Rotom wash in a row
damn watch at this point is my only real
way of beating the azumarill which my
opponent revealed in the back so I know
if I want any chance of winning this
game I need to make some smart switches
and conserve that road and wash so I
bring in the lucario here expecting the
Shadow Ball giga drain and that is what
he goes for at this point I know that
you know I didn't want to switch out the
road and wash this term and because i
knew i needed conserve Gardevoir as well
and i figured my end game was basically
have guard war and Rotom wash together
out on the field but having mega Lucario
actually helps a lot to you because I do
have the priority bullet punch which
khane KO jyoti on so now I all I need to
hope for it at this point let he does
not KO the Gardevoir Gardevoir
interesting enough traces the bolt
absorbs so if my opponent did decide to
Thunderbolt that slot I would actually
gain HP I'm at this one I'm just hoping
he doesn't sludge bomb or sleep powder
me so Lucario goes for your protect you
know one of the issues with using such a
high offensive team like the one I use
in the tournament is you often fall
behind very quickly and as a result you
know you need to make some really smart
switches and if your opponent just plays
a bit more aggressively and say double
targets then
easily win the game but fortunately
enough he does go attack into my protect
once again and this following term
basically could not have played out any
better I get the bullet punch onto
jolteon was kind of anticipating as
numeral switch in there but I decided to
just play it safe and go for the bullet
punch and psychic and I am able to knock
out both my opponent's pokemon and
that's actually basically gonna seal up
the game since I do have a full HP or
not for HP but a decently healthy root
and wash in the bag as well as the
lucario and a carnivore if you switch to
his jolteon into the Zoomer there I
might have been in some more trouble
because he could have actually just
Aquajet it the carnivores lot but
instead things played out the way they
did awkward Jets not able to kod Lucario
here I'm able to get a bullet punch and
a psychic off and of course I've done so
much damage at this point there's really
nothing my opponent can do so he
forfeits their so 30 in there but
definitely a lot closer than you'd
anticipated to be like I said if my
opponent was a bit more aggressive since
he was ahead already at some points I'm
double targeted instead of you know
attacking and making the safe play he
very well could have won the game I
really relied on switches I you know
hoping that he wouldn't double target US
law and in the end it did work out like
that he was also playing a bit safer by
not sleep powdering you know if you
sleep powdered instead of Giga draining
at any given point that would have put
me set me back a lot because basically
if I lost any momentum in terms of
switches there I would have lost the
game but of course Lee powder is kind of
a bad move to rely on but really cool
team about my opponent definite you
don't see jolteon very often but it
definitely gave me a lot of trouble
Tresckow chandelure also you know just
eliminating the gengar or doing enough
you know bring it down to one HP a zoom
arose also always a poke when you have
to play careful you about mainly because
you know it resists a lot of attacks
it's really powerful it's very of course
one of the best types in the game and
mega venusaur is just so bulky but you
know in the end fortunate enough even
though falling behind earlier in the
game I was able to come out with the
winds I hope you guys enjoyed that game
it was definitely really really close i
remember i was probably sweating while
was pointing the game but yeah leave a
like if you enjoy that like always 500
likes is a go for daily uploads and i'll
see you tomorrow have a nice night guys
peace